#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--find-links https://storage.googleapis.com/jax-releases/jax_cuda_releases.html

absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   array-record
    #   chex
    #   distrax
    #   dm-acme
    #   dm-control
    #   dm-env
    #   dm-haiku
    #   dm-launchpad
    #   dm-sonnet
    #   envlogger
    #   etils
    #   labmaze
    #   ml-collections
    #   mujoco
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   rlax
    #   rlds
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tfds-nightly
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via wandb
array-record==0.4.0
    # via tfds-nightly
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-cpu
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via mujoco-py
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
chex==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distrax
    #   optax
    #   rlax
click==8.1.5
    # via
    #   d4rl
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   wandb
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   dm-launchpad
    #   gym
    #   tensorflow-probability
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via ml-collections
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.36
    # via mujoco-py
d4rl @ git+https://github.com/Farama-Foundation/d4rl@71a9549
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via tensorflow-probability
distrax==0.1.3
    # via rlax
dm-acme @ git+https://github.com/deepmind/acme.git@546a47a0154b50145dd9ac3fb3ca57c62e69805f
    # via -r requirements.in
dm-control==1.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   d4rl
dm-env==1.6
    # via
    #   dm-acme
    #   dm-control
    #   envlogger
    #   rlax
dm-haiku==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
dm-launchpad @ https://github.com/ethanluoyc/launchpad/releases/download/v0.5.2rc0%2B1/dm_launchpad-0.5.2rc0+1-cp39-cp39-manylinux2014_x86_64.whl
    # via -r requirements.in
dm-reverb==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dm-sonnet==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   chex
    #   dm-acme
    #   dm-control
    #   dm-env
    #   dm-launchpad
    #   dm-reverb
    #   dm-sonnet
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tfds-nightly
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
envlogger==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
equinox==0.10.10
    # via lineax
etils[array-types,enp,epath,epy,etqdm,etree]==1.3.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tfds-nightly
fasteners==0.18
    # via mujoco-py
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow-cpu
flax==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ott-jax
fonttools==4.41.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-probability
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.32
    # via wandb
glfw==2.6.2
    # via
    #   dm-control
    #   mujoco
    #   mujoco-py
google-auth==2.22.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.1
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.56.0
    # via
    #   dm-launchpad
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
gym==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   d4rl
gym-notices==0.0.8
    # via gym
h5py==3.9.0
    # via
    #   d4rl
    #   tensorflow-cpu
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imageio==2.31.1
    # via mujoco-py
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   gym
    #   jax
    #   markdown
    #   typeguard
importlib-resources==6.0.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   matplotlib
jax[cuda]==0.4.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   distrax
    #   equinox
    #   flax
    #   jaxopt
    #   lineax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   ott-jax
    #   rlax
    #   tensorflow-cpu
jaxlib==0.4.13+cuda11.cudnn86
    # via
    #   chex
    #   distrax
    #   jax
    #   jaxopt
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   ott-jax
    #   rlax
jaxopt==0.7
    # via ott-jax
jaxtyping==0.2.20
    # via
    #   equinox
    #   lineax
jmp==0.0.4
    # via dm-haiku
keras==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
labmaze==1.0.6
    # via dm-control
libclang==16.0.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
lineax==0.0.1
    # via ott-jax
lxml==4.9.3
    # via dm-control
markdown==3.4.3
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mjrl @ git+https://github.com/aravindr93/mjrl@master
    # via d4rl
ml-collections==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
mock==5.1.0
    # via dm-launchpad
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
mujoco==2.3.6
    # via dm-control
mujoco-py==2.1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   d4rl
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via orbax-checkpoint
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   contourpy
    #   d4rl
    #   distrax
    #   dm-acme
    #   dm-control
    #   dm-env
    #   dm-haiku
    #   dm-sonnet
    #   envlogger
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   gym
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   jaxopt
    #   jaxtyping
    #   jmp
    #   labmaze
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   mujoco
    #   mujoco-py
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   ott-jax
    #   pandas
    #   rlax
    #   rlds
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tensorstore
    #   tfds-nightly
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow-cpu
optax==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flax
    #   ott-jax
orbax-checkpoint==0.2.7
    # via flax
ott-jax==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorflow-cpu
pandas==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via wandb
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   dm-acme
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
portpicker==1.5.2
    # via
    #   dm-launchpad
    #   dm-reverb
promise==2.3
    # via tfds-nightly
protobuf==4.23.4
    # via
    #   dm-control
    #   dm-launchpad
    #   envlogger
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   wandb
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   dm-launchpad
    #   portpicker
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   wandb
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pybullet==3.2.5
    # via d4rl
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.15.1
    # via rich
pyopengl==3.1.7
    # via
    #   dm-control
    #   mujoco
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   dm-control
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   flax
    #   ml-collections
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   wandb
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   dm-control
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tfds-nightly
    #   wandb
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==13.4.2
    # via flax
rlax==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
rlds==0.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dm-control
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   jaxopt
sentry-sdk==1.28.1
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.2
    # via wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   ml-collections
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tensorflow-probability
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dm-haiku
    #   dm-sonnet
tensorboard==2.12.3
    # via tensorflow-cpu
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow-cpu==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.32.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
tensorflow-metadata==1.13.1
    # via tfds-nightly
tensorflow-probability==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distrax
tensorstore==0.1.40
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via
    #   d4rl
    #   dm-launchpad
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tfds-nightly
tfds-nightly==4.9.2.dev202307140045
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via tfds-nightly
toolz==0.12.0
    # via chex
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   dm-control
    #   etils
    #   tfds-nightly
typeguard==4.0.0
    # via jaxtyping
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   chex
    #   dm-acme
    #   equinox
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   jaxtyping
    #   lineax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   typeguard
    #   wandb
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wandb==0.15.5
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==2.3.6
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   dm-sonnet
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   tfds-nightly
zipp==3.16.1
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
